Docs: add livestream playlist to adoption page (#8156)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/adopting.mdx

Every project is different, and every pipeline is a unique snowflake (usually that's not a good thing). So we can't give you an exact step-by-step guide of how to daggerize your project. But we can share the collective experience of the Dagger community, distilled into a simple framework.

> Fair warning - Daggerizing your pipeline may take some time, it’s a worthwhile investment. Start small, and you’ll see the benefits as you progress. Check out these [livestreams](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyHqb4A5ee1sOx00YIQzOEYEe747tMO_b) where others have taken the time to do it right, and see how they approached the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::important
Daggerizing your pipeline may take some time, it’s a worthwhile investment. Start small, and you’ll see the benefits as you progress. Check out these [livestreams](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyHqb4A5ee1sOx00YIQzOEYEe747tMO_b) where others have taken the time to do it right, and see how they approached the process.
:::
```
